# BoredomFS

Because I didn't have anything better to do than learn the FUSE API

## Okay so what is it really

BoredomFS is a tool to access a Windows machine from a Linux machine, somewhat like sshfs. The biggest difference is that BoredomFS is primarily a filesystem, not a remote shell; you can run remote programs, but you do that by running the .exe files right from the filesystem.

Additionally, it has a bunch of limitations that don't bother me, and as such, I don't feel like lifting them:

- Plenty of functionality, like setting file owner, permissions or timestamps, remains unimplemented. Some because there's no such thing on Windows, some simply because I'm lazy.
- If you do something wrong, for example try to write to a read-only file or create a directory that already exists, you're likely to get incorrect error codes, like 'No such file or directory'.
- Access is either full (within the exported directory) or none, there are no usernames or anything; there's only a password, autogenerated by the build system and hardcoded into the binaries. Do not share said binaries, nor the_key.h, with anyone untrusted. If you need multiple people to have different access, run BoredomFS multiple times under different ports and with different keys.
- Windows server and Linux client only.

## Usage

BoredomFS takes several command line arguments.

- -k, --key=hunter2 - either 64 hex digits, or a string of 32 bytes or less. Defaults to a hardcoded value in the binary, randomly generated by the build system.
- -p, --port=3350 - Which TCP port to use. Defaults to 3339.
- -h, --host=192.168.1.1 - Which IP address or domain name to connect to. Defaults to trying every address in hosts.txt, a file beside the binary. Client side only.
- -r, --root=C:/Windows/System32/ - which folder to export. If intended as a security mechanism, add --no-exec, or the client can upload and run an .exe that accesses arbitrary files. Defaults to C:/. Server side only.
- -n, --no-exec - Disable executing remote binaries. Server side only.
- Arguments to FUSE can be passed after a --. Several arguments are hardcoded; additionally, if there are no FUSE arguments, the mount point defaults 'mnt'.

## Compilation - Linux (Debian/Ubuntu)

```
sudo apt-get install build-essential g++ libfuse-dev
# (not sure if the above is complete)
git clone
make OPT=1
```

## Compilation - other Linux

Adjust the above.

## Compilation - Windows

First, compile for Linux, then copy the_key.h to your Windows build machine.

Second, install MinGW; I use [https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64/files/Toolchains%20targetting%20Win64/Personal%20Builds/mingw-builds/8.1.0/threads-win32/seh/](mingw-w64), others (for example MSYS2) are untested but will probably work. Run `mingw32-make OPT=1`. (Not tested on a real Windows, I just use mingw in Wine. Which also means I don't need to copy the_key.h.)

## Compilation - other

Untested and unlikely to work, but if you're feeling adventurous, feel free to try.

## That's a stupid name

Yes, it is. If you're not satisfied, you may apply for a refund at <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ>
